Task 01.01
Are there any open questions regarding the syllabus and the administration of this course? If so, please mention them next class.
Will do.

Task 01.02
Please answer the following questions truthfully so that I can setup the lecture accordingly.

Overall, how would you rate your skill level of programming?
Never done it
x Novice (basic skills in Excel, R, HTML, Python)
Intermediate
Advanced
God-like
Have you used object oriented programming before?
x I don’t know what that is
I know the concept but I have never implemented it
Yes
Overall, how would you rate your skill level of using web technologies, such as JavaScript?
x Never done it
Novice
Intermediate
Advanced
God-like
How would you rate your skill level of working with Git and GitHub?
x Never done it
Novice
Intermediate
Advanced
God-like
Are there any specific topics that would interest you in the context of this lecture and that haven’t been mentioned so far? If not, you can skip this question.
Quite specific: I am working on my master thesis in psychology about how we select movies. I am still planning my study and therefore need to find a way to "quantify" movies to make them as comparable as possible (e.g. the barcode, that shows the color theme of a frame for the whole movie etc.)

Is there anything else that you would like me to know in regard to this class? If not, you can skip this question.
Since I am only a "Nebenhörer" I havent been to the film university before and dont get uni-mails nor any other announcements by the institution

Introduction
Recapture Script 01 - Introduction.

Task 01.02
Are there any languages, tools or environments for creative coding that you know of and which are not included in the script? If not, you can skip this question.

Task 01.03
Think a bit about your own personal motivation to learn creative coding. What would you like to do with coding and the topics in this class? What kind of final creative coding project is of interest to you?
Either find a qay to quantify movies in a scientific or comparable way, or maybe how I can create beautiful visuals for my own film projects, (following the example of refik anadol).

Task 01.04
OPTION A
Find an existing creative coding project that you like. Coding needs to play a significant role for the project, also ideally it is web-based (this is not a hard requirement). Describe what you like about the project and why you think that the project represents creative coding.

Submit a short text and any other material you like (weblinks, images, videos).

A few years ago, I became aware of Refik Anadol's work. After a far too long queue with my impatient friends, I experienced him for the first time at the König Galerie Berlin. His animations were projected on a huge screen in a big empty room. I was so amazed that I left my friends behind to watch the loop several times. Since then I follow his work and have seen it in prague, among other places.
His works are fed with real data: measurements, images, maps, eeg data, city developments, etc. To then transform them into hullucinating animations and project them onto huge surfaces (including the walt disney concert hall in L.A.). 
For me, his work sums creative coding up perfectly, since the data to be entered and the programs used are as vague to describe as the images they produce. Yet the symbiosis of the two disciplines is unmistakable. Both - the creative outcome and code used - thus become more than the sum of their parts.
One example I really like are the changing streetscapes: https://archinect.com/news/article/150145307/refik-anadol-s-exhibition-of-algorithmic-streetscape-imagery-is-now-open-in-stockholm
or his probably most fameous work, machine hallucinations: https://i0.wp.com/imgs.hipertextual.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Refik-Anadol-MoMA-IA.gif?resize=400%2C498&quality=60&strip=all&ssl=1 ; https://www.fraeulein-magazine.eu/machine-hallucinations-nature-dreams-a-digital-exposition-by-refik-anadol/
To learn more about his work in general: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQDG6WQT5s&pp=ygULcmVmaWsgbmFkb2w%3D ; https://www.moma.org/magazine/articles/821#fnref:1

OPTION B
Come up with your own creative coding project idea of any scope (no worries, you don’t have to actually implement it). Coding needs to play a significant role for the project, also ideally it is web-based (this is not a hard requirement). Describe why you think the idea represents creative coding and why you want to do it.

Submit a short text and any other material you like (weblinks, images, videos).

Setup
In summary, for the lecture you will need to be able to work with

a development environment, e.g. Visual Studio Code,
GitHub, and
the console.
For this session, our goal is for all of you to know how to access and work with the course material. This implies an understanding of Markdown and GitHub and having a development environment ready.

Task 01.05
Get a development environment, which includes accessing GitHub, ready and familiarize yourself with it as much as you can.

The scripts

Script 02 - Setup (Sections Markdown & Development Environment)
Script 03 - GitHub
will help you to get there. It is up to you to decide how much effort you need to put in, to get your setup working.

Task 01.06
LEVEL 1
With which tool / environment will you work with GitHub?
TBD: A popular combination includes using Git for version control and one of the following code development environments: Git Command Line and Visual Studio Code.
I urge you to not simply use the basic functionality on the GitHub website (e.g. to upload a file). This might feel easier in the beginning but will not function later on…

With which development environment will you use?
TBD: Some popular options include: Processing: (Java); openFrameworks (C++); p5.js: (JavaScript). Unity sounds like a fun but maybe challenging choice?
I heard Refik Anadol uses among others: VVVV or TouchDesigner. I will research those too.

Are there any open questions for working with the course material and GitHub?
LEVEL 2
What is your setup and why does it work well for you?
TBD: If I’ll be comfortable with Visual Studio Code and am working on web-based projects, I might use VSCode for coding and GitHub for version control?
Investigate something for your environment or GitHub that you haven’t used before. Describe it briefly.
TBD: Depending on my familiarity with GitHub and coding environment, I might explore more advanced GitHub features like Actions for continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD). 
Additionally, I could experiment with more complex branching and merging strategies in Git.

Do you have any aspects, experiences, tips, etc. for working with GitHub that could be helpful to know for beginners?
No, not yet.
Check with your classmates who do not have any experiences with GitHub yet and support them, if needed.
Are there any open questions for working with the course material and GitHub?
Learnings
Please summarize your personal learnings (text or bullet points - whatever you prefer). What was challenging for you in this session? How did you challenge yourself?

Creative coding includes much more information gain than just fulfilling the purpose of something creative. In this respect, knowledge gain and art complement each other.
The Github platform itself is much more complex than expected at first sight. I will work on the homework more timely in the future.
